let's show conjunction or messi
here they say some
peterson action
of alcohol its use
stop was used
with any other company
this has been
this phone
we put in chile by your side
provopoulos and in action
I hate how they are
let's see when they use the phone
in our a legend which says
new life the pickets and we have
we see that the wind clearly did not warn the phone sim cards was not worth me
I feel
because because your phone to duty seventh inning
oklahoma counted
what we do is
place
drafting
on the phone
first in action
the card
in fact the staff of which
we do not want to use
we press very strongly
with everything
with the above
hinson of about 60 years
we'll see
involve a lot
we do not wait for a moment to recognize them not always
tormo
usually
and I would have to proceed beckenbauer decent and
and we'll see it
as we have pointed
the staff
a lot of color and heat
the english sec delivered in person
the industrial group
to see how they always work
not as an opponent